/church-website
/app
/about
page.js
/contact
page.js
/events
page.js
/get-involved
page.js
/giving
page.js
/ministries
page.js
/sermons
page.js
/layout.js
/page.js
/components
Footer.js
Header.js
/styles
globals.css
next.config.js
package.json
README.md

Christ's Love Ministry is a Pentecostal Church totally submitted to
God in Trinity. A Kiswahili and English speaking Church targeting the
whole world to accept Jesus Christ as their personal Saviour. Missions
oriented, with an outreach to the community within their reach. A
community of believers, open to people of all tribes and races of the
community. Our history dates back to 1997 when Apostle Dr. Jane Njeri
Kinyanjui was residing in Mwiki Kasarani Nairobi County started a
fellowship with the vision of establishing a church. The first church
service was held at Mwiki - Kasarani. In 2003, the Church moved to
Kasarani where the present Christ's Love Ministry Headquarter is.
Christ's Love Ministry is grounded in the word of God and sound
doctrine. We believe in the divine inspiration, truthfulness and
authority of the Old and New Testament Scriptures as the infallible
Word of God with power to accomplish His purpose of salvation.
Christ's Love Ministry is a church that strives to know God and make
Him known who desire to lift up the Lord Jesus Christ through worship
and prayer as He draws His people through His Word. Christ's Love
Ministry is grounded in the word of God and sound doctrine. We believe
in the divine inspiration, truthfulness and authority of the Old and
New Testament Scriptures as the infallible Word of God with power to
accomplish His purpose of salvation. Christ's Love Ministry is a
church that strives to know God and make Him known who desire to lift
up the Lord Jesus Christ through worship and prayer as He draws His
people through His Word. Our beliefs are founded solely on the Bible,
which we consider God's infallible written Word. This includes both
the Old and New Testaments, which we believe were uniquely inspired by
the Holy Spirit and written without error in their original
manuscripts. Christ's Love Ministry emphasizes individuals making a
personal commitment to Christ, believers entering into water baptism,
place of faith in divine healing, emphasis on the baptism in the Holy
Spirit with the evidence of speaking in tongues, and the second coming
of Jesus Christ. Christ's Live Ministry believes that God’s purpose
concerning man is to seek and to save that which is lost, to be
worshiped by man and to build a body of believers in the image of His
Son Jesus Christ. That these believers, saved and called out of the
world, constitute the Church of Jesus Christ built and established
upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself
being the chief cornerstone. That the members of the Body, the Church
of Jesus Christ, are enjoined to gather themselves for worship,
fellowship, counsel, and instruction in the Word of God, the work of
the ministry, and for the exercise of those spiritual gifts and
offices provided for New Testament church order. That it is evident
the early apostolic churches came together in fellowship as a
representative body of saved, Spirit-filled believers who ordained and
sent out evangelists and missionaries, and under the supervision of
the Holy Spirit set over the apostles and church clerics . That the
priority reason-for-being of the Christ's Love Ministry is to be an
agency of God for evangelizing the world, to be a corporate body in
which man may worship God, and to be a channel of God’s purpose to
build a body of saints being perfected in the image of His Son. That
the Christ's Love Ministry exists expressly to give continuing
emphasis to this reason-for being in the New Testament apostolic
pattern by teaching and encouraging believers to be baptized in the
Holy Spirit, which enables them to evangelize in the power of the
Spirit with accompanying supernatural signs, adding a necessary
dimension to worshipful relationship with God, and enabling them to
respond to the full working of the Holy Spirit in expression of fruit
and gifts and ministries as in New Testament times for the edifying of
the body of Christ. Christ's Love Ministry whose purpose is neither to
usurp authority over the various local gathering, nor to deprive them
of their scriptural and local rights and privileges; but to recognize
and promote scriptural methods and order for worship, unity,
fellowship, work, and business for God; and to disapprove unscriptural
methods, doctrines, and conduct, endeavoring to keep the unity of the
Spirit in the bond of peace, “till we all come in the unity of the
faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man,
unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ” (Ephesians
4:13).
